Product update on 07.04.2023 (#88)
humanitec/about: docs/change-log.md

This document provides an overview of the changes we are making over time. Feel free to reach out to us in case of any specific questions.

## Product Update April 7th, 2023

> - **Improved:** [Driver inputs](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/concepts/resources/definitions#driver-inputs) are now validated against Driver Definition Schemas to catch misconfiguration errors in [resource definitions](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/concepts/resources/definitions) sooner.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Improved:** [Driver inputs](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/concepts/resources/definitions#driver-inputs) are now validated against Driver Definition Schemas to catch misconfiguration errors in [resource definitions](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/concepts/resources/definitions) earlier.
```

> - **Improved:** [Driver inputs](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/concepts/resources/definitions#driver-inputs) are now validated against Driver Definition Schemas to catch misconfiguration errors in [resource definitions](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/concepts/resources/definitions) earlier.

Reviewer: would scratch the "earlier"

> - **Improved:** [Driver inputs](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/concepts/resources/definitions#driver-inputs) are now validated against Driver Definition Schemas to catch misconfiguration errors in [resource definitions](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/concepts/resources/definitions) earlier.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Improved:** [Driver inputs](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/concepts/resources/definitions#driver-inputs) are now validated against Driver Definition Schemas to catch misconfiguration errors in [resource definitions](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/concepts/resources/definitions.
```

> - **Fixed:** Special character "*" in [matching criteria](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/concepts/resources/definitions#matching-criteria) added via API is now correctly interpreted as "all values".

Reviewer: we could link to the API docs here instead https://api-docs.humanitec.com/#tag/MatchingCriteria

Reviewer: The wording could be a bit more specific I think, for example

"When selecting an asterisk `*` as a matching criterium via the API, it is now correctly interpreted as..."

> - **Fixed:** Special character "*" in [matching criteria](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/concepts/resources/definitions#matching-criteria) added via API is now correctly interpreted as "all values".

Author: ```suggestion
- **Fixed:** Selecting an asterisk `*` as a [matching criterium](https://api-docs.humanitec.com/#tag/MatchingCriteria) via the API  is now correctly interpreted as "all values".
```

I'm not sure the "when" works well with "it is interpreted" structure. How about this?

Reviewer: Looks good :)

> - **Fixed:** [Deployment diff](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/deploy-to-environments/diff-deployments) is now rendered correctly for past deployments with null properties.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if I asked this before (can't find my comment): by "null" properties you mean empty values?

Author: I meant properties with the value set to "null", but it probably isn't that important here, I'll change it to empty

> - **Fixed:** [Deployment diff](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/deploy-to-environments/diff-deployments) is now rendered correctly for past deployments with null properties.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Fixed:** [Deployment diff](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/deploy-to-environments/diff-deployments) is now rendered correctly for past deployments with empty properties.
```

> - **Fixed:** Setting Workload Variable's value to an empty string no longer renders as a deleted key in the [deployment diff](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/deploy-to-environments/diff-deployments) view.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Fixed:** Setting [Workload Variable's](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-workloads/work-with-environment-variables) value to an empty string no longer renders as a deleted key in the [deployment diff](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/deploy-to-environments/diff-deployments) view.
```

> - **Fixed:** Setting [Workload Variable's](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-workloads/work-with-environment-variables) value to an empty string no longer renders as a deleted key in the [deployment diff](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/deploy-to-environments/diff-deployments) view.

Reviewer: * Setting "a" Workload...

> - **Fixed:** Setting [Workload Variable's](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-workloads/work-with-environment-variables) value to an empty string no longer renders as a deleted key in the [deployment diff](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/deploy-to-environments/diff-deployments) view.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Fixed:** Setting s [Workload Variable's](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-workloads/work-with-environment-variables) value to an empty string no longer renders as a deleted key in the [deployment diff](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/deploy-to-environments/diff-deployments) view.
```
